# Exercise Completion

Total Exercise Completion: (201/1048)

Part 1:
- 1.1-1.6 Done
- 2.1-2.7 Done
- 3.1-3.3 Done
- 4.1-4.4~ 
- 7.1-7.2~

Part 2:
- 9.1~
- 13.1~,13.2~,13.4~
- 16.1~

Part 3:
- 17.1-17.3~

### Colors on Table of Contents:
- black: finished
- blue: in progress
- green: untouched

### PART I: Lebesgue Integration for Functions of a Single Real Variable (166/368)
- Chapter 01: 59/59*
- Chapter 02: 43/43*
- Chapter 03: 31/31*
- Chapter 04: 28/51*
- Chapter 05: 0/17*
- Chapter 06: 0/71*
- Chapter 07: 5/51
- Chapter 08: 0/45

### PART II: Abstract Spaces: Metric, Topological, Banach, and Hilbert Spaces (18/408)
- Chapter 09: 7/78
- Chapter 10: 0/44
- Chapter 11: 0/56
- Chapter 12: 0/36
- Chapter 13: 4/40*
- Chapter 14: 0/70
- Chapter 15: 0/18*
- Chapter 16: 7/66*

### PART III: Measure and Integration: General Theory (17/272)
- Chapter 17: 17/36* (+6)
- Chapter 18: 0/67
- Chapter 19: 0/22
- Chapter 20: 0/55
- Chapter 21: 0/61
- Chapter 22: 0/31

# Comments

### PART I: Lebesgue Integration for Functions of a Single Real Variable

#### Chapter 01: The Real Numbers: Sets, Sequences, and Functions

"In Chapter 1, all the background elementary analysis and topology of the real line needed for part 1 is established.
This initial chapter is meant to be a handy reference."

Some theorems: Heine-Borel Theorem, Nested Set Theorem, Monotone Convergence Theorem, Bolzano-Weierstrass Theorem, Extreme Value Theorem, Intermediate Value Theorem

Problem 28: liminf{$a_n$} is the smallest cluster point of {$a_n$}, and limsup{$a_n$} is the largest cluster point of {$a_n$} (a is cluster point if subsequence of {$a_n$} converges to a).

#### Chapter 02: Lebesgue Measure

This chapter introduces the concepts of the Lebesgue measure and the collection of Lebesgue measurable sets, which is a sigma-algebra of subsets of the real numbers.
We also touch on the Borel sets, which is the sigma-algebra generated by the open sets.

The motivation for considering the Lebesgue measurable sets is the fact that there is no set function that satisfies certain useful properties (measure of an interval is its length; measure is translation-invariant; measure is countably disjoint additive) that is defined for all sets of real numbers.
Therefore we define the Lebesgue outer measure, where we have similar properties (outer measure of an interval is its length; outer measure is translation-invariant; outer measure is subadditive), and the restriction of the Lebesgue outer measure to the Lebesgue measurable sets is the Lebesgue measure.

One of my favorite theorems from this chapter is Theorem 11 (Outer approximation by open sets, inner approximation by closed sets).

I like the problems from this chapter.

 #### Chapter 03: Lebesgue Measurable Functions

This chapter studies the measurable functions which is a useful build-up to study integration in later chapters.
I am also hoping that this will make me more comfortable with understanding random variables in probability theory.

I like the Simple Approximation Theorem from this chapter.

Littlewood's Three Principles:
- Every measurable set is nearly a finite union of intervals (Chapter 2 - Theorem 12)
- Every measurable function is nearly continuous (Chapter 3 - Lusin's Theorem)
- Every pointwise convergent sequence of measurable functions is nearly uniformly convergent. (Chapter 4 - Egoroff's Theorem)

 #### Chapter 04: Lebesgue Integration

With the sequence of measurable functions $\{f_n\}\to f$ pointwise a.e. on E (with E finite measure?) what additional conditions do we need to imply that $\lim_{n\to\infty}[\int_Ef_n]=\int_E[\lim_{n\to\infty}f_n]=\int_Ef?$
- Bounded Convergence Theorem: additional condition: $|f_n|\le M$ for all $n$ (proof uses Egoroff's Thm)

 #### Chapter 05: Lebesgue Integration: Further Topics

 #### Chapter 06: Differentiation and Integration

 #### Chapter 07: The Lp Spaces: Completeness and Approximation

Riesz-Fischer Theorem: $L^p$ is complete

This chapter has Young, Hölder, Minkowski inequalities

 #### Chapter 08: The Lp Spaces: Duality and Weak Convergence


### PART II: Abstract Spaces: Metric, Topological, Banach, and Hilbert Spaces

 #### Chapter 09: Metric Spaces: General Properties

 #### Chapter 10: Metric Spaces: Three Fundamental Theorems

 #### Chapter 11: Topological Spaces: General Properties

 #### Chapter 12: Topological Spaces: Three Fundamental Theorems

 #### Chapter 13: Continuous Linear Operators Between Banach Spaces

 Definition of Banach Space

 #### Chapter 14: Duality for Normed Linear Spaces

 #### Chapter 15: Compactness Regained: The Weak Topology

 #### Chapter 16: Continuous Linear Operators on Hilbert Spaces

 Definition of Hilbert Space

 16.1 Problems: Jordan-von Neumann Theorem


### PART III: Measure and Integration: General Theory

 #### Chapter 17: General Measure Spaces: Their Properties and Construction

This looks to be a more general treatment of measure spaces;
I did chapter 2 (Lebesgue measure) first to build intuition.
It's pretty useful because chapter 2 and chapter 17 are similar.

This chapter we go over topics like sigma-finite measures and signed measures.

The exercises from this chapter are pretty interesting so far (17.1, exercises 1-11).

 #### Chapter 18: Integration Over General Measure Spaces

 #### Chapter 19: General Lp spaces: Completeness, Duality, and Weak Convergence

 #### Chapter 20: The Construction of Particular Measures

 #### Chapter 21: Measure and Topology

 #### Chapter 22: Invariant Measures

